Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(growling)
I can sense Z‐ARC's
consciousness getting stronger
with each passing moment.
We have to get
the Reactor working!
(grunting)
(Z‐ARC)
You'll never stop
my resurrection...
Then... you all will
pay the price!
I Xyz Summon!
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon!
Not good...
Just stop!
You're dueling out of anger!
I know deep down you can duel
the way you used to duel...
No!
Infernal Fury Strike!
I'll end you!
I banish Performapal Nightmare
Knight from my graveyard
to deal 1,000 points of damage
to everyone who took
battle damage this turn!
But that means he's going to
hurt Declan, too!
(digital voice)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life points.
Restraining Sword
of Impact!
I hope you can forgive me...
(digital voice) Unrecognized
card detected.
Duel automatically
terminated.
It is time!
To become one...
Take Riley and find a way
to free those girls.
And where are you going?
You don't think I'd let evil
take my son, do you?
What kind of father would I be?
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Kite )
C'mon, Aster!
Mr. Sakaki!
Hi, Kite...
And Aster?
You're hurt?
Have you seen your son?
I think he needs our help.
He's not acting
like himself.
Well, Kite...
You're half right.
It's worse than
you can imagine.
(screaming)
Oh, Yuya!
Professor, sir!
The Reactor's power level
is now at 50%.
Understood.
Hold on!
Don't do this!
Shut down the reactor
before it's too late!
Young ladies...
Your life energy
will further fuel my reactor.
Z‐ARC sounds like
the worst of the worst.
We can't allow him
to resurrect!
I agree.
Since Z‐ARC can only resurrect
if Yuya and the other versions
of my son combine back into one,
we must keep them apart.
Because if we fail,
the world as we know it
will be over.
But Yuto's
already merged
with Yuya...
That makes it
even more critical for us,
to keep the other two away
and away from each other.
(gasping)
Do you know where they are?
Yeah, I do.
The last I saw of 'em,
they were dueling each other
in the corridor back there.
What?
Careful!
I'm... okay.
You stay here,
I'll take care of 'em.
You will?
Yusho, I know we never
saw eye‐to‐eye,
but I now know that
you were trying to save us all,
including me.
So it's time
I repay the favor.
Wasn't that my card?
He kept it all this time.
When I defeat you, I will absorb
you into me and take your power!
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon,
attack!
You're not absorbing anybody!
I'm absorbing you!
I activate the trap card
Burning Sonic.
It not only stops your attack,
but it powers up my
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
by 500 attack points!
You gotta stop this duel, Aster!
That's just what I came to do!
With my help!
(digital voice)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life points.
Hey, I never called for backup!
Personally, I always believe
the more the merrier.
It's my turn now!
Since you already have
a Fusion Monster on your field,
I'm allowed to summon
this monster from my hand.
Cipher Twin Raptor!
And my Ciphers don't like
to fight alone,
so I also get
to summon
Cipher Biplane!
Then my Biplane's special
ability kicks in
to raise Cipher Twin Raptor's
level to eight!
Not so fast!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's
special ability activates!
So not only does my Dragon stop
your Biplane's special ability,
but it destroys it as well!
I told you
to stay out of this!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
gains attack points
equal to Biplane's
attack points!
That's nice, but when Cipher
Biplane is destroyed,
I can banish it from my
graveyard to add a Cipher Wing
from my deck to my hand
and then summon it!
And by tributing my Cipher Wing,
its special ability activates!
And the level of my Cipher
Twin Raptor increases by four.
So, is that supposed to
scare me?
It should,
because when I Xyz Summon,
my Cipher Twin Raptor
counts as two Monsters!
I build the Overlay Network!
Now, by way of
the cosmic energies
that make up our galaxy,
I'll make something
just as mighty...
I Xyz Summon!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
(Kite)
I Xyz Summon!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
Here we go!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon
attack Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
(roaring)
That wasn't smart.
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon
has less attack points
than my Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon.
Not if I activate the spell
Attack Reversal!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon
and Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
swap their attack points!
Oh, yeah?
I'm countering your spell
with Burning Sonic!
By sending this trap card
straight to the graveyard,
I can put a stop to that swap!
So even though my Clear Wing
loses 500 attack points,
it's still stronger than
your Galaxy‐Eyes.
Kite laid it all on the line
with his attack
but it's gonna
cost him his Dragon!
No it won't, 'cause I activate
Rank‐Up‐Magic Cipher Shock!
Not only do all monsters
lose their special abilities
this turn,
but this spell stops
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon
from being destroyed!
But you still take damage!
I may have taken damage,
but it's a small price to pay
for what I can do next.
Rank‐Up‐Magic Cipher Shock lets
me use Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon
to Xyz Summon a Cipher monster
that's one Rank higher!
Now bear witness
as the same fantastic powers
that forged the universe
forge this most mighty creature!
Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Rise up,
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
I use all of Neo Galaxy‐Eyes'
Overlay Units
to activate
its special ability!
Now I can steal your monsters
and transform them into
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragons!
Cipher Super Subjection!
Thanks for all the
reinforcements you guys.
You're up next, Aster.
Hmm!
I'm placing one card facedown
and ending‐‐
Wait!
Hold up, Kite!
I've got a surprise!
I can summon this bad boy when
you have a monster but I don't.
My Speedroid Skull Marbles might
not have any attack points,
but don't let that fool you...
It packs quite a punch,
because if you attack it,
you take the damage
instead of me!
You just don't give up, do ya?
Aster, looks like you're
gonna have a tougher time
than I hoped.
No sweat, I got this.
Ha!
(thinking)
Aster...
Hey, Sora?
What do you want?
I've been keeping my eyes
on you.
You're clearly one of the top
duelists in your class,
maybe even this generation.
Why don't you join my squad
when you graduate?
No thanks.
'Fraid I'm not the army type.
See, I like to work solo.
(thinking)
But some fights
I can't fight solo.
Glad to have him on our side.
Because he might be the only one
tough enough to end this duel.
And they're about to
find out why.
I activate the spell card
Polymerization!
And now I'm gonna fuse
Destiny Hero‐Decider
and Destiny Hero‐Dreamer
together!
With the help of
this next monster
your fate's are about to take
a terrifying turn for the worse!
I Fusion Summon!
Destiny Hero Dystopia!
(growling)
And I activate Dystopia's
special ability
so Yugo takes damage equal to
Decider's attack points!
You gotta do better than that,
because I have my trap
Speedroid Shuriken Hurricane!
It reflects the damage
right back to you!
In that case,
by returning
Destiny Hero‐Decider in my
graveyard back to my hand
I take no damage!
You may have survived,
but I'll end you next turn!
You wish.
I don't need to wish, I know.
Then I guess
it's time to prove you wrong.
Because no one beats
Aster Phoenix!
I activate D‐Dragging Hammer!
This spell lets me equip
Decider on to Dystopia,
lowering its attack points
by 1,600!
You made
your own monster weaker?
Well, that's a genius move!
And now you'll
pay for that mistake
with my Hurricane's
second effect!
Since your monster lost
1,600 attack points,
you lose 1,600 life points!
Dystopia, make your move!
Since its attack points changed,
Dystopia can destroy
one card on the field.
So say goodbye to Skull Marbles!
That means my Shuriken Hurricane
will also be destroyed.
But I promise
to do the same to you!
C'mon, Yugo!
Snap out of it!
What would Rin think if she
saw you acting like a jerk?
Rin?
(laughing)
Friends fighting friends.
I wish I had some popcorn
because I could
watch this all day!
Yeah, Rin!
The girl you came here
to save?
I knew you were dumb,
but I didn't think
you'd forget her already.
Dystopia, knock some sense
into him!
Dystopian Destruction!
I activate Speedroid
Tri‐Eyed Dice's ability!
By banishing it
from my graveyard,
your attack fizzles out.
Argh, his brain's
still all scrambled.
Yeah, but did you see
what happened?
I really think I'm starting
to get through to him, Kite.
Like when I said Rin's name,
it definitely
gave him pause.
And I'll take any opening
I can get to end this duel!
That guy
is getting on my nerves...
I draw!
I summon the Tuner Monster...
Speedroid Maliciousmagnet!
And I activate
its special ability!
I can use one monster on
your field to Synchro Summon!
I'm taking back the Clear Wing
you stole from me!
I tune Speedroid Maliciousmagnet
with Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
to pave the way
for an even mightier Dragon!
Watch as the essence of
that monster takes shape!
Watch as it is forged
by raw power!
I Synchro Summon!
Take flight,
Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon!
Now Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon,
annihilate Dystopia with
Crystal Cataclysmic Strike!
(Yugo)
Attack!
I activate the trap...
Urban Demise!
It gives my Dystopia an extra
100 attack points!
By doing that,
its special ability activates.
Because whenever Dystopia's
attack points change,
it automatically
destroys your monster.
Yeah, right!
Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon's
own special ability
puts an end to your plan by
destroying your monster instead!
No, it won't!
Because I'm activating
the trap card Split Guard!
When I have two monsters with
the same name on my field,
Dystopia can't be destroyed
in battle!
(grunting)
Is that the best you got?
'Cause it's nowhere good enough
to stop us!
Because when you duel
out of anger and hate,
there's no way you can win.
And believe me,
I know all about it.
You know I had to learn
that lesson...
Aster...
(Aster)
And it's a lesson
that you need to learn as well.
If you don't shut your yap,
I'm gonna shut it for ya!
Because when Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon
battles a monster
that's at least level five,
it gains that monster's
attack points!
Finish him!
Hold on to that thought, Yugo!
I activate Destiny
Hero‐Dreamer's special ability!
If a Destiny Hero on my field
is about to be destroyed,
Dreamer stops it
from being destroyed,
and I don't take any damage!
And then I can summon Dreamer
to my field!
But one drawback is that
your Dragon is allowed
to attack again,
but that's one risk
I'm willing to take.
By stopping my attack,
Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon's
attack point's
fall all the way down to 3,000.
See, Yugo?
I told you there was no way
you could win and I was right!
Well, the duel's not over
so I'm gonna make you
eat those words!
You know what?
You're all talk and no heart.
And no heart means you have
no chance to win.
(thinking)
Aster's got this.
If he wins and stops them,
he can stop them from
resurrecting Z‐ARC.
I activate the trap D‐Fusion!
This allows me fuse
both my Dystopia and
my Dreamer together!
And when that happens...
I can bring out a monster
the likes of which
you have never seen,
and this monster will spin
this duel in my favor!
I Fusion Summon!
Destiny Hero Dusktopia!
(roaring)
(Aster)
I Fusion Summon!
Destiny Hero Dusktopia!
(roaring)
Once I defeat you, Z‐ARC will
no longer be able to resurrect!
And that'll put an end to this
farce, once and for all, Yugo!
(grunting and roaring)
Whatever!
Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon,
destroy Destiny Hero Dusktopia!
And Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon
gains Dusktopia's attack points!
Crystal Cataclysmic Strike!
Your mouth is writing checks
that your deck can't cash.
Dusktopia can't be destroyed
in battle this turn,
and I also don't take
any damage.
So looks like the sun is setting
on your chances at victory.
Yugo?
(growling)
Yugo...
You okay?
Yeah, why wouldn't I be, Aster?
Good work, Aster!
(thinking)
Yeah, I wasn't sure
he could pull it off...
Oh man, guys...
Feels like I had a bowling ball
lodged in my head.
Hope I didn't go
too crazy on you.
You and I
have unfinished business!
Then let's finish.
I'm summoning...
Predaplant Sarraceniant
from my hand.
What can you do with a monster
with only a 100 attack points?
Oh, plenty.
That's why I'm the greatest
and you're not.
So you ready...
to lose?
By discarding
Predaplant Drosophyllum Hydra
from my hand...
I can activate
Super Polymerization!
Whoa!
No...
way!
By harnessing
the power of this spell
I can Fusion Summon using
any monsters on the field,
including the ones
that you control!
Our Monsters?
(growling)
(thunder crashing)
Which monster should I fuse
my Sarraceniant with?
Ah, yes, the monster
that Kite stole from me.
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
When you combine the viciously,
voracious venom of a dragon
with the cunningness
of a carnivorous plant,
the result is
toxically terrifying!
I Fusion Summon!
Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon!
I activate Greedy Venom Fusion
Dragon's special ability!
It erases one monster's special
abilities and attack points!
And the monster I choose is...
Dusktopia!
I activate my Crystal Wing's
special ability!
It not only stops Greedy Venom
Fusion Dragon's special ability,
but it annihilates your dragon
as well!
And to put the icing
on this cake,
Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon
gains Greedy Venom's
attack points
until the end of this turn!
Which means
you're toast!
You have it backwards, Yugo.
Destroying Greedy Venom was a
big time blunder on your part,
because once it's gone,
all the other Monsters
on the field
are immediately destroyed
and you three take damage
equal to
their attack points.
That means they'll all lose!
(thinking)
Nope, not all of us...
I'm not going down
without a fight!
Dusktopia can save one monster
from destruction!
(roaring)
Only one can be saved?
And the monster I'm saving is...
Yugo's Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon!
Aster!
The rest is up to you, Yugo!
(rumbling and screaming)
Oh no, Aster!
Kite!
Kite and Aster
sacrificed themselves
to give Yugo one last chance...
Let us hope
he won't let it go to waste.
(Yugo)
I'm still standing, Yuri.
And as long as I stand,
you don't stand a chance.
(thunder crashing)